Add note to setup scripts documentation (#3512)
SAP/luigi: docs/application-setup.md

# Quick setup

<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->

> > **NOTE:** The quick setup scripts are not intended for production use.  

Reviewer: Not sure if this might be confusing, as some might think "I can't use my app in production, because I have initially created it with the setup script".
Would rather phrase it like
"The quick setup scripts are a quick and easy way to come to a running core app and micro frontend hosted by the same webserver to play around with but rather don't represent a real-life scenario where the different pieces are distributed"

> This document shows you how to quickly set up a Luigi web application by installing some of our [examples](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/main/core/examples). They can be a good way to learn about setting up a Luigi project, but are not intended for production use. How you add Luigi to your application will depend on the framework you use and the application itself. 

Reviewer: "not intended for production use" see above comment

# Quick setup

<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->
> **NOTE:** The quick setup scripts are not intended for production use.  

> This document shows you how to quickly set up a Luigi web application by installing some of our [examples](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/main/core/examples). They can be a good way to learn about setting up a Luigi project, but are not intended for production use. How you add Luigi to your application will depend on the framework you use and the application itself. However, you should follow these general steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document shows you how to quickly set up a Luigi web application by installing some of our [examples](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/tree/main/core/examples). They can be a good way to learn about setting up a Luigi project, but are not intended for production use. How you add Luigi to your application will depend on the framework you use and the application itself.:
```
The **However** after suggesting the opposite seems to leave space for interpretation. I would even remove the 2 steps shown below altogether.

* Add Luigi's `npm` packages to your project dependencies.
* Give Luigi exclusive control over your entry `index.html` file.
* Start the server to run your application.

> Keep in mind that if you have a single page application, you need to transfer it to a "two-page application". You should run your application to make sure the existing router doesn't interfere. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is more of a note on the specific examples that are created with the script and not a generic suggestion that fits the standard. I would remove the whole line here

> * In the case of a single page application, transfer it to a "two-page application". 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This line may be a little too specific that it might be misleading. Consider removing it altogether.

> In the quick setup examples on this page, the above steps are achieved through a single **installer** script for any of the frameworks listed below: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The quick setup examples on this page, follow the following steps, and are achieved through a single **installer** script for any of the frameworks listed below: 
```
Maybe also add those 3 steps below here, just to show what the scripts are about.
